c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\CadeMeuMedico.dll.config
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\CadeMeuMedico.dll
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\CadeMeuMedico.pdb
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\obj\Debug\CadeMeuMedico.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\obj\Debug\CadeMeuMedico.dll
c:\users\cliente\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CadeMeuMedico\CadeMeuMedico\obj\Debug\CadeMeuMedico.pdb
